---
layout: post
title: The End of Bloc.io
---
So this is my first post in a little while. I just got around to switching my posts from wordpress to this new site powered by Jekyll. I like the new version better since in allows for a lot more customization when and where I want it. There are a couple of things I want to chat about in this post, but the biggest I want to hit is this aspect of being done, or finishing a big step.

Bloc.io was a big choice for me to make going into the program. I wanted to do something for a career change, and I didn't want to just go back to school since I was working a 12 hour a day job. The best choice was a bootcamp at bloc that I could do on my own time. I want to say now, HURRAY FOR BEING ALMOST DONE! Even though I liked all the parts of bloc, I felt like I was stuck needing to do what I had to do to complete the coursework. I am extreamly excited to be moving on to job searching and this big ole career change I have planned. Not everything is all unicorns and rainbows however... I don't know what I'm going to be doing next.

If you read my [First Post](http://ruby-on-rails-104939.nitrousapp.com:4000/fosterk-portfolio/2015/04/15/first-post.html), you will see that I am very into gaming and the gaming profession. At the end of my bloc bootcamp, I did not get into any type of gaming programming. This was not the fault of Bloc or myself, it was just not in the program. I learned a heck of a lot about web programming and the great language that is Ruby. But it wasn't why I decided to do this in the first place. I want to get into gaming, and now I have the time to figure out how to do that.

It scares me that I don't have the skills needed to get an entry level programming job for any of the game studios in my area. It scares me that there are so limited QA positions avalible for where I'm at. It scares me that I might have to revert back to music to make a living for my family. I wish that I can prove to a developer to take a chance on an interview with me so that they can learn who I am and see how passionate I am. But it scares me that my resume will just get thrown in the trash becasue my experience is only in teaching music, and not making games.

We will see though. Even though I am frightened for the future, I am happy that I have chosen this path. For the clear path may be easier, but never as rewarding.